			firo
	I am firo, I am 杨永明. Who am I? I write this note for the past, for the future, for myself.
	Now, I am 23 years old, in the past time of my life, I passed through the world without my self and I just do what was not real thing I should do. Flowing other people my parents, my friends, my family, my classmates, the people that we talk nothing, I collect the minds, behaviors, soul, heart, body, and so on.
	Recently, I find that I lost so much, even including myself.
	Where is myslfe. I need a top view focus on my whole life. Then, I decide what I will do in the future life. I am deficiency. At the begining time of my life, I am helthy and a perfectly boy, life, humain, soul, anything. But now, so many years, I have been done so many bad things that harm myself body and soul, make me lost myself and potential myself. But from now on, I wil recovery my self, return to perfectly. Draw a plan to recovery.
	Now，1/28/2012,2 years and 4 months have been passed。I will follow the great people ,find myself ,on the road.
	I will use 2 years and 8 months to make a recovery. My health body, minds, soul. 
Cipher: da Vinci 
Perioid: 2 years 8 month 
Idol:  钟越民, 韩寒,da Vinci,さかた ぎんとき 银时 : 喂,无论发生什么都要乐观生活.
Ability: Drawing, Hacking, Martial arts, Mathematics, Logic, Music, English, Composition, High Eficient Learning Ability
Minds: 钟越民式的豁达，Positive psychology
Body： 
* Diet(Vegetarian)
Semi-vegetarian
| Glass cups              |  0  |  
* Clothing and shoes (No jeans):
|                         |     |
| Underpants              |   2 |
| Vest                    | 0/2 |
| Shirt                   | 0/2 |
| T-shirt                 | 0/2 |
| Short-sleeved shirt     | 0/2 |
| Warm pants              |   1 |
| Trousers                |   3 |
| Casual shorts           | 0/2 |
| Canvas Shoes            | 0/2 |
| Slippers                |   1 |
| Sports shoes            | 1/2 |
| Sportswear & Sweatpants |   ? |
| Masks                   |   1 |
| Gloves                  |   0 |
| Scarf                   |   0 |
| Pajamas                 |   0 |
| Overcoat                |   1 |

* House(Bed,bath,toliet)
** Bathing
|   |   |
|   |   |
* Physical training fitness
** Muscle training
** Jogging 
* Brake during works
* Works
* Sleep
* Lifestyle
** Habit
   1.Relax for 10 minutes per hour.
   2.Midnight to 4:00 o'clock Spinal cord blood that must deeply sleep.
   3.7.5 hours the best for health.
   4.Staight backs. 
*** Lyubishchev
    不承担必须完成的任务
    不接受紧急的任务 
    一累马上停止工作休息 
    不同内容书籍交替着看 
    睡的多，一天十小时左右 
    累人工作和愉快工作结合在一起 
    一切服从于生物学，凡是无助于此的，一概置之不理。 

** Chronobiology & Schedule
| time          | action                                                          | property                           |
| 6:30 ~ 7:10   | Getting up,washing, brushing and gargling,defecation,break fast |                                    |
| 7:10 ~ 8:00   | Go to  work                                                     |                                    |
| 8:00 ~ 12:00  | T1                                                              |                                    |
| 12:00 ~ 1:00  | Lunch and Siesta                                                |                                    |
| 1:00 ~ 6:00   | T2                                                              |                                    |
| 6:00 ~ 9:00   | T3,dinner                                                       |                                    |
| 9:00 ~ 11:00  | T3,Quiet,Fitness on 9:30                                        | Lymph detoxification               |
| 11:00 ~ 11:30 | Prepare for sleeping,reading                                    | Liver detoxification               |
| 11:30 ~ 1:00  | Sleep                                                           | Liver detoxification               |
| 1:00 ~ 3:00   | Sleep                                                           | Gall bladder detoxification        |
| 3:00 ~ 5:00   | Sleep                                                           | Lung detoxification                |
| 5:00 ~ 7:00   | Sleep,Toliet                                                    | Detoxification of the colon        |
| 7:00 ~ 7:30   | Breakfast, health before 7:30                                   | Intestinal absorption of nutrients |
|               |                                                                 |                                    |
* High efficient learning method
  1 Inspect knowledge and info from voerall to small part。
  2 Unerstanding is first!
* Computer science
** DS
   1 Mathematical training
   2 Discrete mathematics & en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discrete_mathematics
** AL
   1 
** The theory of compution
   1 
** Kernel & kvm
** Github
** etc
*** hardware & assmbly
* Armor
** Mi-one
*** Miui Android 2.3.5 
** Y460
*** Ubuntu 11.10
**** Gnome 3
**** Emacs 23
**** Vim
**** Chrome

* Akasha  
** target
   1.Knowing about yourself.
** *
   1 Multiplexing
   2 Insert into the cycle fluent operations. 
  This project is personal management utilise set for every body to control their life, share their life.
** life.wiki
   This module is willing to draw a blueprint on you spirt life.
** live.wiki
   This module is available for you to manage and maintain your real life.
** firo.wiki
   In this part ,you will touch a people who you want to become,
   in the furture.
** time.todo
   The task you need to do.
** smart.tree
*** Some blueprint on smart.tree:
    1.As we konwn,we ever imagine a world that we can acquire knowledge like machine robot charge from a memory via cable.


   This module is available for you to manage and maintain your real life.
* The sail of time (岁月的帆)
**   89
  9-13:born in Hei Longjiang province in China.
**   90
**   91
**   92
**   93
**   94
**   95
**   96
**   97
**   98
**   99
**   00
**   01
**   02
**   03
**   04
**   05
**   06
**   07
**   08
     Freshmen in Dlnu
**   09
     Sophomore
**   10
     Junior
**   11
     Senior in Dlnu.
     10-24:Intern in sws
     11-30:I am very sad that I lost Wang xingsi(Cynthia).
           Tow and half years contract with phone mail. It's all my fault.
     12-04:Come back to Dlnu. Finally, I get Mi phone.
     12-06:I know that person Yue yun jiu.     
**   12
***  1
**** 16
     1.yack is over.
     2.Arrange  the time for the furture.
     3.Waste of so many time.
***  6
**** *
     1.Graduate from dlnu.
     2.Serve for sina.
     3.Abroad

**   13
**   14
***  9
**** 13
     1.The 25th year.









